_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently an MPhil student at University of Cambridge, majoring in Data Intensive Science, and an intern at MMLAB@CUHK. Before that, I received my bachelor degree in 2024 from Department of Mathematics, Harbin Institute of Technology, under the supervision of Prof. Wenxue Li. 

In the final year of my undergraduate studies, I was very fortunate to receive the Singapore International Pre-Graduate Award ([SIPGA](https://www.a-star.edu.sg/Scholarships/for-graduate-studies/singapore-international-graduate-award-singa)) and subsequently worked as a research assistant at the Institute for Infocomm Research, A*STAR, under the supervision of Principal Scientist [Jun Cheng](https://samjcheng.github.io/), and as a research intern at the School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, under the supervision of Prof. [Dianbo Liu](http://www.cogai4sci.com/). 

My research interests lie in the computer vision and machine learning, and I am happy to explore a wide range of related topics, including generative models, multi-modality learning and their applications in healthcare.

Commit message:

Revise about page content and research focus
Updated personal introduction and research interests.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---


Hi! I’m Xiaoye Wang. I am currently a Graduate Research Fellow and Visiting Researcher at INSAIT, working with Prof. [Luc Van Gool](https://insait.ai/prof-luc-van-gool/) and Dr. [Danda Paudel](https://insait.ai/dr-danda-paudel/) on 3D vision.

I recently completed my MPhil in Data Intensive Science at the University of Cambridge, and I was a research intern at MMLAB@CUHK with Prof. [Xiangyu Yue](https://xyue.io/) and Dr. [Wei-Hong Li](https://weihonglee.github.io/). Before that, I received my BSc in Mathematics (2024) from Harbin Institute of Technology.

In my final undergraduate year, I was fortunate to receive the Singapore International Pre-Graduate Award ([SIPGA](https://www.a-star.edu.sg/Scholarships/for-graduate-studies/singapore-international-graduate-award-singa)). I worked as a research assistant at the Institute for Infocomm Research (I2R), A*STAR, supervised by Principal Scientist [Jun Cheng](https://samjcheng.github.io/), and as a research intern at the School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, supervised by Prof. [Dianbo Liu](http://www.cogai4sci.com/).

**Research interests:** computer vision and machine learning, with a focus on **3D vision** and **generative models**, as well as **computer vision for healthcare** applications.
